.TH EXPENSIVE 1 "30 March 2002" "" ""
.SH NAME
expensive \- Toggle pruning of expensive solutions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B atacs -PE
.br
.B atacs> expensive
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B expensive
toggles the pruning of expensive solutions during automatic
concurrency reduction.  By default, atacs does not consider cost while
it explores the concurrency-reduction search space.  The first
invocation of the \fBexpensive\fR command enables a branch-and-bound
algorithm.  The cost function is the average cycle period, as
determined by Mercer's stochastic cycle period analysis.  The bounding
function determines a lower bound on the cost of any leaf reachable
from the current interior node, by running the cycle period analysis
on the TEL structure that would be obtained by omitting the
as-yet-undecided candidate rules from the TEL structure.  This relies
on the assumption that adding a rule to a TEL structure can only
further delay its events, and hence it cannot decrease its average
cycle period.  The branching function gives preference to candidate
rules that force the working phase of the next communication to occur
before the reset phase of the current communication in each series
chain of communication.  Such rules tend to lead to CSC, so the
branching function considers adding such rules before it considers
omitting them.  For other rules, it considers omitting them before it
considers adding them.  The second invocation of the \fBexpensive\fR
command disables the branch-and-bound algorithm, and so on.

.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-PE
This atacs option toggles the pruning of expensive solutions during
automated concurrency reduction from the Unix shell command line.
.TP
.BI expensive
This atacs command toggles the pruning of expensive solutions during
automated concurrency reduction from within the atacs interactive
shell.
.SH CREDITS
This pruning method and this command were written by Eric Robert
Peskin (peskin@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu).  The stochastic cycle period
analysis method and code were developed by Eric G Mercer
(eemercer@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu).
.SH BUGS
See http://www.async.ece.utah.edu/cgi-bin/atacs
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR reduction (1), 
.BR simcyc (1), 
.BR profile (1), 
.BR cycper (1), 
.BR http://www.async.ece.utah.edu
