.TH LOADLPN 1 "13 December 2006" "" ""
.SH NAME
loadlpn \- Loads an LHPN File
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.BI atacs " -ll <filename>"
.br
.BI atacs> " loadlpn <filename>"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B loadlpn
loads files in the Petri-net graph format used by tools such as SIS
and PETRIFY.  The graph file is augmented in the following ways: 
.PP
Variables:
.RS 2
.B #@.variables x y b
- Specifies that x and y are two variables used in the model.  All
Boolean and continuous variables must be listed here.
.RE
.PP
Initial state:
.RS 2
.B #@.init_state [0101]
- Specifies the initial values for the signals in the same order that
they are specified in the
.B .signals 
list. 
.RE
.PP
Initial continuous values:
.RS 2
.B #@.init_vals {<x=0><y=[1,2]>}
- This line sets the initial value of the continuous variables x to 0
and y to the range [1,2]. Note that the variables x and y must appear
in the variables declaration shown above and the continuous
declaration shown below.
.RE
.PP
Initial continuous rates:
.RS 2
.B #@.init_rates {<x=1><y=[1,2]>}
- This line sets the initial rate of the continuous variable x to 1
and the initial rate of y to the range [1,2]. Note that the variables
x and y must appear in the variables declaration shown above and the
continuous declaration shown below.
.RE
.PP
Enabling conditions:
.RS 2
.B #@.enablings {<t1=[
.I HSL Formula
.B ]><t2=[
.I HSL Formula
.B ]>}
- Specifies the enabling condition for each transition.  The enabling
condition is in the form of a Hybrid Separation Logic (HSL) formula
over the continuous and boolean variables.  HSL formulas are of the 
following form:
.RS 2
 Exp = BoolVariable 
     | ~BoolVariable 
     | ContVariable >= IntegerConstant
     | ContVariable <= IntegerConstant
     | ContVariable = IntegerConstant
     | (Exp)
     | Exp & Exp 
     | Exp | Exp
     | Exp -> Exp
.RE
.RE 
.PP
Rate assignments:
.RS 2
.B #@.rate_assignments {<t1=[x:=[1,2]]><t1=[y:=0]>}
- Specifies the rate assignment to continuous variables that occur
when a transition fires.  In this case, x is assigned the rate range
of [1,2] and y is assigned the rate of 0 when t1 fires.
.RE 
.PP
Delay assignments: 
.RS 2
.B #@.delay_assignments {<t1=[1,2]>} 
- Specifies the lower and upper delay bound on a transition.  In this
case, transition t1 is enabled to fire between 1 and 2 time units
after becoming enabled.  Multiple delay assignments can be defined within 
the curly braces.  Unspecified delays will default to [0,0].
.RE 
.PP
Boolean assignments:
.RS 2
.B #@.boolean_assignments {<t1=[b:=TRUE]>}
- Specifies the Boolean assignments that occur upon firing a
transition.  In this case, the Boolean variable b is assigned to
true when transition t1 fires. The string
.B FALSE
an be used to assigned a variable to false.  Multiple assignments can be 
defined within the curly braces.
.RE
.PP
Continuous variables:
.RS 2
.B #@.continuous x y 
- Specifies the variables in the system that are continuous.
.RE
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-ll
Loads an LHPN file from the command line.
.TP
.BI loadlpn
Loads an LHPN file from the interactive shell.
.SH CREDITS
.B loadlpn
was primarily written by Chris Myers (myers@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR storelpn (1)
.BR showlpn (1)
.BR printlpn (1)
.BR http://www.async.ece.utah.edu
