.TH LOADVHDL 1 "13 December 2006" "" ""
.SH NAME
loadvhdl \- Loads a VHDL or VHDL-AMS File
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.BI atacs " -lv <filename>"
.br
.BI atacs> " loadvhdl <filename>"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B loadvhdl
compiles the VHDL or VHDL-AMS file named <filename>.vhd to a timed event/level
(TEL) structure and stores it to <filename>.tel.  This structure is
immediately loaded, and its constraint graph is generated.  The
VHDL-AMS subset that is supported allows variables of types 
.B std_logic
for representing Boolean signals and 
.B real 
for representing
continuous quantities.  Continuous variables can be initialized using
.B break 
statements.  The rates of continuous variables can be
updated using simultaneous statements such as the 
.B if-use 
and
.B case-use 
statements.  Sequential behavior can be specified using
.B process 
statements without sensitivity lists.  Within a 
.B process, 
supported statements are 
.B wait, 
signal assignment, 
.B if-then, 
.B case, 
and 
.B while-loop.  
Finally, 
.B assert
statements can be used to state basic safety properties about the
system.  For convenience, our VHDL-AMS descriptions also use
procedures defined in the 
.B handshake 
and 
.B nondeterminism
packages.  These packages are explained in detail in
.I Asynchronous Circuit Design
by Chris J. Myers.  For example, the 
.B assign 
procedure
performs an assignment to a signal at some random time within a
bounded range specified by its parameters and waits until the
assignment has been performed before returning.  The 
.B span
procedure takes two real values and returns a random value within that
range.  The 
.B span 
procedure is used to assign a range of rate to a continuous variable.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-lv
Loads a VHDL file from the command line.
.TP
.BI loadvhdl
Loads a VHDL file from the interactive shell.
.SH CREDITS
.B loadvhdl
was primarily written by Hao Zheng (hao@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu) and
Chris Myers (myers@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu).  Additions were made to
loadvhdl in 2006 by Nick Seegmiller (seegmill@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu)
to support VHDL-AMS extensions.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR loadlpn (1)
.BR storelpn (1)
.BR showlpn (1)
.BR printlpn (1)
.BR http://www.async.ece.utah.edu
