.TH REDUCE 1 "20 September 2001" "" ""
.SH NAME
reduction \- Toggle automated concurrency reduction
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B atacs -oR
.br
.B atacs> reduction
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B reduction
toggles automated concurrency reduction.  The atacs default is that
automated concurrency reduction is disabled.  The first invocation of
the \fBreduction\fR command enables automated concurrency reduction.
The second invocation disables it again, and so on.  However, note
that concurrency reduction is always performed on examples that start
as channel-level VHDL examples.  The \fBreduction\fR command has no
effect on such examples.
.PP
When automatic concurrency reduction is enabled, the initial TEL
structure is modified before synthesis in the following ways.  First,
sequencing events are inserted as necessary, to ensure that any rule
with an expression (other than "[true]") enables a sequencing event.
The result of this first modification is written out as
\fIexample\fB.fat.{er,tel}\fR.  Then a search begins for rules to add
to the TEL structure to make it synthesizable.  The leaves of the
search tree are stored as \fIexample\fB[0-9]*.{er,tel}\fR, and those
that are synthesizable produce \fIexample\fB[0-9]*.prs\fR.  Finally,
one of those is chosen as the primary solution and becomes
\fIexample\fB.prs\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-oR
This atacs option toggles automated concurrency reduction from the
Unix shell command line.
.TP
.BI reduction
This atacs command toggles automated concurrency reduction from
within the atacs interactive shell.
.SH CREDITS
The concurrency reduction method and this command were written by
Eric Robert Peskin (peskin@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu)
.SH BUGS
See http://www.async.ece.utah.edu/cgi-bin/atacs
.PP
Also, this command is ineffective on examples that start as
channel-level VHDL examples.  For such examples, concurrency reduction
is always performed.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fIexample\fB.fat.{er,tel}\fR
TEL structure with sequencing events inserted
.TP
\fIexample\fB[0-9]*.{er,tel}\fR
leaves of search tree
.TP
\fIexample\fB[0-9]*.prs\fR
solutions
.TP
\fIexample\fB.prs\fR
primary solution
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR not_first (1),
.BR preserve (1),
.BR ordered (1),
.BR subset (1),
.BR unsafe (1),
.BR expensive (1),
.BR conflict (1),
.BR reachable (1),
.BR dumb (1),
.BR insertion (1),
.BR http://www.async.ece.utah.edu
