.TH SUBSET 1 "30 March 2002" "" ""
.SH NAME
subset \- Toggle assumption that a subset of rules implies a superset of states
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B atacs -PS
.br
.B atacs> subset
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B subset
toggles the pruning of TEL structures that have a subset of the rules
of any TEL structure that is known to have a CSC violation during
automated concurrency reduction.  The atacs default is to attempt
synthesis on such TEL structures.  The first invocation
of the \fBsubset\fR command enables the policy of checking whether
any TEL structure beneath the current node in the
concurrency-reduction search tree would have a subset of the rules of
some TEL structure that has already failed synthesis because of a CSC
violation.  If so, the entire sub-tree rooted at this node is pruned.
The second invocation of the \fBsubset\fR command disables this policy
and so on.
.PP
This policy relies on the assumption that adding a new rule to a TEL
structure cannot introduce new states.  Unfortunately, this assumption
is not always valid.  A new rule can delay its enabled event to the
point that it becomes concurrent with some event with which it was not
previously concurrent.  It could even delay its enabled event such
that it now follows an event which it previously preceded.  This
usually only happens in TEL structures that rely on timing to achieve
CSC.  However, even in the speed-independent context, adding a rule
between two previously disjoint processes can split states and
invalidate the assumption.  Thus, the technique of \fBsubset\fR is a
heuristic.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-PS
This atacs option toggles the pruning of TEL structures that have a
subset of the rules of any TEL structure that is known to have a CSC
violation during automated concurrency reduction from the Unix shell
command line.
.TP
.BI subset
This atacs command toggles the pruning of TEL structures that have a
subset of the rules of any TEL structure that is known to have a CSC
violation during automated concurrency reduction from within the atacs
interactive shell.
.SH CREDITS
This pruning method and this command were written by Eric Robert
Peskin (peskin@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu).
.SH BUGS
See http://www.async.ece.utah.edu/cgi-bin/atacs
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR reduction (1),
.BR http://www.async.ece.utah.edu
