.TH UNROLL 1 "28 September 2001" "" ""
.SH NAME
unroll \- ???
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.BI atacs " -au"
.br
.BI atacs> " unroll"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B unroll
Computes the stochastic cycle period and summary statistics of the
loaded design
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-au
This command computes the stochastic cycle period and average cycle
period of the loaded design.  This command will only work correctly on
event based designs.  The stochastic cycle period is a set of edge
weights, where each edge is a rule in the loaded event/rule structure
of the design.  These weights are reported in the <design>.cp file.
The average cycle period is computed from the stochastic cycle period
by summing over the edge weights on the rules multiplied by their
expected delay values.  The method prompts the user for a cyclic event
index to track, the number of cycles of that event to consider in the
edge weight calculation, the occurrence index to start recording from,
and the number of random experiments to consider in the calculation.
Each observation from each experiment is reported in the
<design>.stats file along with a set of summary statistics.  The
summary statistics report the mean, median, half-length of a 95%
confidence interval, standard deviation, and etc. for the set of
reported observations of the average cycle period computed from each
random experiment.
.TP
.BI unroll
Computes the stochastic cycle period and summary statistics in the
interactive shell.
.SH CREDITS
.B unroll
was primarily written by Eric Mercer (eemercer@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR simcyc (1)
.BR http://www.async.elen.utah.edu
