.TH UNSAFE 1 "30 March 2002" "" ""
.SH NAME
unsafe \- Toggle pruning of TELs with rules into some but not all
branches of a choice
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B atacs -PU
.br
.B atacs> unsafe
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B unsafe
toggles the pruning of TEL structures that have rules into some but
not all branches of a choice.  By default, atacs does not consider
choice when it decides how to reduce concurrency in a design.  This
causes concurrency reduction to produce TEL structures with safety
violations.  The first invocation of the \fBunsafe\fR command enables
the policy of ensuring the following invariant: For each choice
\fIC\fR in a design and each event \fIe\fR outside of that choice, if
there is a rule from \fIe\fR to any branch of \fIC\fR, then there must
be a rule from \fIe\fR to every branch of \fIC\fR.  This eliminates
the aforementioned safety violations.  The second invocation of the
\fBunsafe\fR command disables this policy, and so on.

.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-PU
This atacs option toggles the pruning of TEL structures that have
rules into some but not all branches of a choice during automated
concurrency reduction from the Unix shell command line.
.TP
.BI unsafe
This atacs command toggles the pruning of TEL structures that have
rules into some but not all branches of a choice during automated
concurrency reduction from within the atacs interactive shell.
.SH CREDITS
This pruning method and this command were written by Eric Robert
Peskin (peskin@vlsigroup.ece.utah.edu).
.SH BUGS
Unfortunately, in the current implementation, the definition of a
branch of a choice is not quite correct.  The result is that, in the
presence of complicated (e.g., multi-level) choice, \fBunsafe\fR may
prune away TEL structures that actually could have been synthesizable
solutions.  Thus, in the current implementation \fBunsafe\fR is a
heuristic.  But we believe it could be made exact.
.PP
Also, there should be a corresponding invariant for rules that exit
some but not all branches of a choice.
.PP
See also http://www.async.ece.utah.edu/cgi-bin/atacs
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR reduction (1),
.BR http://www.async.ece.utah.edu
